Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Give me the rest...
Do not throw that away.
Why do you want to keep it?
It's unsanitary.
It's none of your business.
Get out of here!
Get out of here.
Stop this atrocity!
It's indecent...
...criminal...
...and you are blaspheming...
...by keeping this bloody metal!
She's blaspheming?
I'm blaspheming?
The metal was obscene when it went in.
I redeem it when I take it out.
You prefer to keep it all hidden.
It insults God...
...and the families
of the dead and the wounded.
No. she's right.
She can keep this bloody metal.
-She's right.
-You see?
How dare you!
The red sun.
Some grapefruit.
The handkerchief.
The red sun...
...some grapefruit...
...the handkerchief...
...when you call.
To see a face...
...whose?
My name...
...Thy own name.
It's vivid. the moment...
...to love. to be.
The beach is warm...
The sky is cold...
Death is real...
...when we're dying.
But the sky...
...is warm with friends.